[THEME MUSIC]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> After, in the stone circles,
I came back to Bolivia to Lake
Titicaca with a few friends.
And I start to feel the
presence of Thoth, of Djehuty.
And I had no idea why because it
was not Egypt, but his presence
there was really heavy.
And there was a
message of meeting him
in a place called
Aramu Muru, which
is a door in the
rock in Peru, just
in the border with Bolivia.
And so we went there, and
when we just arrived there,
suddenly, I became him.
And it was weird for my
friends because they never
saw me that way.
And suddenly, I just
turned back to them.
And my face was different.
And they said, what happened?
And I said-- I did like
this, and two birds,
Ibis, the Thoth birds,
flew from me from behind.
And it was like,
what is happening?
Something weird was happening.
He guided us to a whole
path around the mountain
to prove who would
be accompanying me
to this process.
So he was testing
us all the time.
After all that, he
says to me, there
is a mistake in your
calculations regarding
where you have to go
and what you have to do.
He told me there are two ways
to understand what we are doing.
One is geologically, and the
other one is magnetically.
So you have a geological North
Pole and a magnetical North
Pole.
Thoth told me, you have to
follow the geological one,
but you will activate
that in the moment
when the North Pole changes.
And he said, in a few
years, the North Pole
will change its position
from the West to the East.
So when that happens, it will
be two years, 2020 and 2021,
that the North Pole will be
aligned with the physical North
Pole.
So in that moment, both
networks will be aligned,
and that's the moment to do
a reconnection for what's
going to come next.
So that's the moment when
everything should be done,
and you have until March 2022.
And so it was like, OK, and
after that, we cannot do it.
And from there, they
said, OK, the next step
is to prepare yourself
for that trip.
So in 2018, I started to
coordinate this huge trip
around the world,
getting ready for 2020,
but everything was wrong.
Nothing happened.
And it was like, no, no, no.
So I had to wait.
I had to expect--
and I had no idea what.
And they said the
grid is not complete
because you need the people
that connects the grid.
And that was the moment when I
started to come here, to Gaia,
and film the first
season of "Initiation."
My name is Matias de Stefano.
And my purpose is to remember.
When I came and I
started to film this,
I had no clue what it
was about because I
thought that it was just
come and film some videos,
and that's it.
And I would leave.
But suddenly, that
meant that a lot
of people from all
over the world,
mostly in English, started
to follow what I was doing.
And the amount of people
working with this got bigger,
and people started helping
me to keep going, to do it.
I had no clue that it
was a part of that spread
of the network of the
people that we needed
to accomplish the mission.
In that time when I was filming
and organized everything
for the trip, my mom
said, this year, 2018,
it's going to be seven years
from our first 11-11 gathering,
2011.
And we started thinking about it
and taking all the things out.
And suddenly, we thought
maybe we have to do it again.
I said, I don't know.
Let's ask.
So I went to Capilla de Monte.
And I traveled there and went
to the mountains for a meeting.
And I said, it's
been a septennial.
And they said, yes,
it's the perfect timing
to do this because,
after, you will
have to take the energy that
we are going to work here
so you could go to your trip and
do what you are supposed to do.
So we started to
organize everything
for this new gathering.
And people were really
excited because it's been
seven years without doing that.
And it was very
magical, the first one.
So, November 2018, it
was a perfect meeting
of almost 4,000 people.
All the people that came were
acknowledged of the task.
It was not like, what
we are doing here?
It was specifically to
connect time, past, present,
and future, doing three
activations and meditations.
And in each one of them,
one of the Americas
had to open the doors.
So the grandmothers of these
native cultures of the three
Americas were there
to do the opening,
and it was very beautiful
because they were accompanied
by a woman representing the
shamans of that territory,
of the Capilla de Monte.
So the four of them were
opening the doors for everyone
to do the ceremonies, and I
was channeling during each one
of the meditations.
And they gave me their
all the information
of what was going to
come and all the energy
for the next stage of the I Am.
So after Capilla
de Monte, 11-11,
I came back here to
the States to film
with Gaia for new seasons.
In these new seasons,
I was supposed
to talk about my memories
in Egypt, in Khem.
But I had all these
things in my head
like, oh, the mission, the
connection, everything,
and suddenly, when I was
talking about all this,
I was describing how the Sirian
people came to this planet.
And suddenly, I started to
wonder why I remember them,
and I started to wonder
why I am doing this,
why I know what is going
to happen, why are they
telling me what to do and
not all the others around me.
So I was starting to
see everything around me
like if I was there,
like if I was walking
with them in the same
halls, and I start
to see how they
were in front of me,
all covered with these veils.
And we were not supposed to
look to them, into their eyes.
Suddenly, when I
was explaining this
in the camera of how
everything looked like
and how everything
was, I remembered
that we were all like this,
bowing in front of them
as they were talking.
And I looked.
I looked up, and I stared
into the eyes of one of them.
And it was like the memory--
I just knew.
I remembered that
moment that the reason
why I remembered
now everything is
because I saw it in his eyes.
So it was like
suddenly knowing why
I had to prepare
myself to do all this.
It was because I did a mistake
of staring into its eyes
while they were talking
about the future.
Realizing that was
somehow blaming myself
for everything that I
was doing, and everything
that I have done,
and everything that I
am doing like not being in
a normal life, not being
able to do something simple.
I started to just say I
shouldn't have seen this.
I was not supposed to
look into the eyes.
So I broke in that moment.
And when I was just explaining
about the environment,
I realized about this.
I just fell down,
crying in the studio
and not knowing what to do.
It was a weird
thing that happened,
and I couldn't come
back to me for a while
until I could process
and accept that it
was because I saw into their
eyes that I am doing all this,
that I remember the future.
In 2018, I received the
message of everything changing.
And they said, this
was because there
was a portal, a very
important portal, that
would take two years to close.
And we had to take
a benefit from it.
That was the portal
of time and space.
They said, look
into the numbers,
and you will find out
which are the dates.
So the key was the number 2,
time and space, two things.
So I said, 2020, 2020.
So February 2, 0, 2, 0, 2, 2020.
2, 2, 2, it's 8, so
it's the infinite time.
So the portal of time
would start that day.
And the last day of the portal
would be 12, which is space.
Which number would give me 12?
That would be February 22, 2022.
So in between the 8
space and 12 time,
you will have the great portal
2020, 2021 from February
to February 2022.
So in that time, I was
supposed to do the whole test,
connect the network, inform
everyone what is the I Am,
and reach every
spot in the planet.
And they said--
and also you have
to do it while the entire
planet stops and meditates.
And everyone must think
about the crown of the planet
because the crown of the
planet, North Pole, is changing,
so everyone has to
have, in their mind,
the crown of the planet.
So one of my guides
told me you're not
going to do this
alone, but you have
to remember that you are
not part of the circle.
You are the center.
You have to pick 12
persons that will
help you to do the
activation around the world.
This was late 2019, and
I did the list of people.
One of them was my
husband 12,000 years ago
who is a friend of mine now.
He was one of the persons
that 12,000 years ago
in front of the things--
that was my first memory--
told me, whenever it's needed
and the moment it arrives,
I will be here with you.
Doesn't matter which time.
Doesn't matter our bodies.
So I wrote to him, and he
said, of course, he will go.
So 12,000 years after
in front of the things,
he was there with
me beginning this,
so it was a perfect
cycle of 12,000
years of working with someone.
So I choose some of
the closest friends
that I would trust that
we could do the work with,
and I took them all to Egypt
for the portal of time.
And we, all together,
did this activation
with 144 people that
came also for us,
and we went all to the Great
Pyramid and this activation
to open this portal of time and
to allow us to do everything
that we had to do.
And during this
activation in February
is when they told us
that the world will stop.
So I was supposed to go to
France for one or two months
to learn French because, in
one of the nodes that I was
supposed to go, Ile
Amsterdam in the Indian Ocean
in the Austral
territories of France,
they only accept you
if you speak French
because the whole crew of
the boats only speak French.
So basically, you
have to know French.
So I said, OK that's one of
the nodes, so I have to go.
So I will go and learn French.
So when I arrived to
Nancy where I was staying,
my guides told me, so
now, sit down, and wait
four or five months until
the next signal to come.
And I said, but I have to
start traveling because it's
impossible in six months
to do the whole trip;
I need at least one year.
If I don't start now,
how am I going to do it?
And he said,
everything is changing.
Now the planet will meditate,
so it will be easier
to get to those spots.
All you have to do is to
take care of that everyone
understand what is the I Am.
I said, OK.
I was a little bit
frustrated because I
had been since 2015
organizing this trip,
and they just said a few
moments before, no, it's
not going to be done that way.
So I was like, OK.
So I said, why all this?
And they said, to
learn, to learn stuff,
so you learn many things.
Now you know French,
congratulations.
So, all these kind of things.
So that's when we started
to film another season
of "Initiation" in France,
and we started to film also
these stories that
happened to me.
And it was funny because I
was telling all these stories,
and I remember that I said,
I can't tell these stories.
I don't feel the
emotion to tell them.
I feel lost.
I was frustrated because
my trip was wrong
and everything was
bad and I don't know.
And I said I don't know
if this makes any sense
to film all this.
So I went to take a breath
outside, and suddenly,
in the wall, there was the
symbol that I always do,
which is this.
It's an old, ancient
symbol of alignment
with the spirit and the soul.
And it was like a
dove in the wall
with a symbol with the hand,
and I said, you know what?
Yes, it's all fine.
Let's do it.
I will keep filming.
I will keep doing this because
the signal was so clear.
So I came back to
Nancy for these three
months of quarantine, but I
couldn't hear any of my guides.
I was asking, what should I do?
What should I do?
And, nothing, nothing, nothing.
It was silence, silence,
silence, totally silent.
So I was really
concerned on what to do.
And this day that I wasn't
expecting for anything,
I went to the bathroom to pee.
And while I was peeing,
I just feel someone here
behind that said, now we
have to talk about it.
And I was like, why now?
Why now?
Let me just wash
my hands at least.
He's like-- I don't know
why they choose this moment.
Sometimes they don't understand
that the body has some needs.
So they said, now this is
the moment to speak about it.
We have to do this and this.
And so while I was in
the bathroom trying
to clean my hands, he
was explaining to me
about how the I Am would be.
So I explain all this
in YouTube while I was
ironing the sheets of the bed.
Everything was so weird.
So they told me to do that.
Be normal.
So I was just explaining all
these while I was ironing,
and everyone was--
I don't know if everyone got
it, but the message was there.
So in this process of not--
I understood to clarify
things; to make it more simple.
Everyone got it when they
saw me ironing and explaining
that I was peeing, and my guide
told me about what is the I Am.
So they said, now you're
ready to go to the place
where represents everywhere
in the world, which
is the Great Pyramid of Egypt.
So you have to go there, and
you shouldn't move from there
for 365 days.
So at the moment that the
borders were open again
in France, I went to Egypt.
It wasn't until I went for
the first time in the pyramid
that the masters
came and told me,
and the path will be 12 months.
And you have to go every
day inside the pyramid,
connect with one node,
and bring the information
to the people of what is the
I Am, according to that node.
And once you complete
the whole process of 12,
which is the initiatic path of
the I Am starting in August,
exactly the moment
when the star of Sirius
appears in the horizon.
And that was the same
day of my birthday
because it always changes.
But that day, I
understood why the I Am
was supposed to be
downloaded through me in 2015
during my birthday in Egypt.
That day, I
understood, oh, this is
why because the first day of
the year in 2020 was August 4,
which is my birthday.
And it was not because of me.
It's because of
the star of Sirius
appearing that day
in the morning,
which, for the Atlanteans,
was the beginning of the year.
So we started that day.
Every day, I started to do a
meditation inside the pyramid,
download the information
of a specific code.
I went back.
I created a blog where I
was supposed to write down
all the information.
I wrote about it in a
conversation between I
and am, which is my higher self.
So all the conversation was, I,
asking something, am answering,
and all the process
was to show people
about my process of
understanding all this.
And every night, I would do the
transmission to explain this.
And because of Gaia, I had
to do it in English, too.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Hi, everyone.
Good morning.
Good evening.
Good night.
I started translating myself
every sentence in Spanish
and English, so it was
heavy for many people.
But for me, it was
really helpful.
So people could get it faster
because I had no idea what
was going on every day.
Every day was different.
I have no clue.
At least 4,000 people joined
me every day livestreaming,
and at least 12,000 or 13,000
daily were watching the video.
So it was a whole
year of connection
with at least 12,000
people day by day
in which we were aligning,
meditating about every concept
that makes up the I Am.
So the whole process of
12 months was perfect,
and seven years after, we begin
with the I Am, August 8, 2015.
It repeated the same
in August 8, 2021.
That day, we got into the
pyramid with many people,
and a huge frequency
opened that, from my mouth,
came sounds that I cannot do.
And the presence introduced
himself as Metatron.
And we could feel every
archangel and our a of angels
around.
And everything got so
incredible that expanded
throughout all the network.
And they showed me every
one of the 12 faces
of the planet as we were
there, anchoring in our bodies,
being held by
thousands of people
around the world
meditating that day.
And then each one of us
would come all together
to do the same in
Egypt in February 2022,
again, with all the
people present there.
And once it finished,
they said, now
you are ready to
face the dragon.
And dragon won't be this trip
that you expect for it to be.
He will be the
connection with yourself,
with the power that
you have within,
and face it to see if
you are able to do that.
What happened there in
that moment; that pyramid,
was like a revelation of things
that will come in 2024, 2026,
all related to the download
of that information coming,
and it was so
beautiful, and perfect,
and balancing, that moment,
that I understood the last seven
years, and everything
that happened,
and how perfectly aligned
was every day and everything.
It was like that
day, acknowledging
that 2022, for me, will
be like the last exam
after 12,000 years of work.
When I started to connect
all the energy that
was needed for the portal--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
--I was already connecting
with one of those beings
that I saw in my dream
in another world.